{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria Math;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 1.)Steps to install java\par
ans.Step 1: Download JDK\par
Goto Java SE download site @ {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html }}{\fldrslt{http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 .\par
Under "Java Platform, Standard Edition" \f1\u8658?\f0  "Java SE 8u\{xx\}", where \{xx\} is the latest update number \f1\u8658?\f0  Click the "JDK Download" button.\par
Under "Java SE Development Kit 8u\{xx\}" \f1\u8658?\f0  Check "Accept License Agreement".\par
Choose the JDK for your operating system, e.g., "Windows x64" (for 64-bit Windows OS) or "Windows x86" (for 32-bit Windows OS). You can check whether your Windows OS is 32-bit or 64-bit via "Control Panel" \f1\u8658?\f0  (Optional) System and Security \f1\u8658?\f0  System \f1\u8658?\f0  Under "System Type".\par
Step 2: Install JDK and JRE\par
Run the downloaded installer (e.g., "jdk-8u\{xx\}-windows-x64.exe"), which installs both the JDK and JRE. By default, the JDK will be installed in directory "C:\\Program Files\\Java\\jdk1.8.0_xx", where xx denotes the upgrade number; and JRE in "C:\\Program Files\\Java\\jre1.8.0_xx".\par
Accept the defaults and follow the screen instructions to install JDK and JRE.\par
Check the JDK installed directory by inspecting these folders using File Explorer. Take note of your JDK installed directory, in particular, the upgrade number, which you will need in the next step.\par
JDK_Path.png\par
I shall refer to the JDK installed directory as <JAVA_HOME>, hereafter, in this article.\par
Step 3: Include JDK's "bin" Directory in the PATH\par
Windows OS searches the current directory and the directories listed in the PATH environment variable for executable programs. JDK's programs (such as Java compiler javac.exe and Java runtime java.exe) reside in directory "<JAVA_HOME>\\bin" (where <JAVA_HOME> denotes the JDK installed directory). You need to include "<JAVA_HOME>\\bin" in the PATH to run the JDK programs.\par
To edit the PATH environment variable in Windows 7/8/10:\par
Launch "Control Panel" \f1\u8658?\f0  (Optional) System and Security \f1\u8658?\f0  System \f1\u8658?\f0  Click "Advanced system settings" on the left pane.\par
Switch to "Advanced" tab \f1\u8658?\f0  Push "Environment Variables" button.\par
Under "System Variables" (the bottom pane), scroll down to select "Path" \f1\u8658?\f0  Click "Edit...".\par
(CAUTION: Read this paragraph 3 times before doing this step! There is no UNDO)\par
For Windows 10: You shall see a table listing all the existing PATH entries. Click "New" \f1\u8658?\f0  Enter the JDK's binary directory "c:\\Program Files\\Java\\jdk1.8.0_xx\\bin" (Replace xx with your installation number!!!) \f1\u8658?\f0  Select "Move Up" to move this entry all the way to the TOP.\par
Prior to Windows 10: In "Variable value" field, INSERT "c:\\Program Files\\Java\\jdk1.8.0_xx\\bin" (Replace xx with your installation number!!!) IN FRONT of all the existing directories, followed by a semi-colon (;) which separates the JDK's binary directory from the rest of the existing directories. DO NOT DELETE any existing entries; otherwise, some existing applications may not run.\par
Variable name  : PATH\par
Variable value : c:\\Program Files\\Java\\jdk1.8.0_xx\\bin;[exiting entries...]\par
My Notes: Starting from JDK 1.8, the installation created a directory "c:\\ProgramData\\Oracle\\Java\\javapath" and added to the PATH. It contains only JRE executables (java.exe, javaw.exe, javaws.exe) but NOT the JDK executables (e.g., javac.exe).\par
\par
\par
2.)Steps\f2  \f0 to\f2  \f0 install\f2  \f0 eclipse\par
ans.)1\f2 .\f0 1\f2   \f0 For\f2  \f0 Windows\par
Step\f2  \f0 0\f2 : \f0 Install\f2  \f0 JDK\par
To\f2  \f0 use\f2  \f0 Eclipse\f2  \f0 for\f2  \f0 Java\f2  \f0 programming\f2 , \f0 you\f2  \f0 need\f2  \f0 to\f2  \f0 first\f2  \f0 install\f2  \f0 Java\f2  \f0 Development\f2  \f0 Kit\f2  (\f0 JDK\f2 ). \f0 Read\f2  \f0 "How\f2  \f0 to\f2  \f0 Install\f2  \f0 JDK\f2  \f0 for\f2  \f0 Windows"\f2 .\f0\par
Step\f2  \f0 1\f2 : \f0 Download\par
Download\f2  \f0 Eclipse\f2  \f0 from\f2  {\f0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.eclipse.org/downloads }}{\fldrslt{https\f2 ://\f0 www\f2 .\f0 eclipse\f2 .\f0 org\f2 /\f0 downloads\ul0\cf0}}}}\f2\fs22 . \f0 Under\f2  \f0 "Get\f2  \f0 Eclipse\f2  \f0 Neon"\f2  \f1\u8658? Click "Download Packages". For beginners, choose the 3rd entry "Eclipse IDE for Java Developers" (32-bit or 64-bit) (e.g., "eclipse-java-neon-2-win32-x86_64.zip" 161MB) \u8658? Download.\par
Step 2: Unzip\par
To install Eclipse, simply unzip the downloaded file into a directory of your choice (e.g., "d:\\myproject").\par
There is no need to run any installer. Moreover, you can simply delete the entire Eclipse directory when it is no longer needed (without running any un-installer). You are free to move or rename the directory. You can install (unzip) multiple copies of Eclipse in the same machine.\par
\par
\f2\lang1033 3.)steps to create workspace in eclipse\par
ans.)I use File -> Switch Workspace -> Other... and type in my new workspace name.\par
Once in the new workspace, File -> Import... and under General choose "Existing Projects into Workspace. Press the Next button and then Browse for the old projects you would like to import. Check "Copy projects into workspace" to make a copy\par
\par
4.)Steps to create project in eclipse\par
ans.)Install the Eclipse IDE for Java Developers. ...\par
Click "File" \u8594? "New" \u8594? "Java Project". ...\par
Give the project a name. ...\par
Select the location for the project files. ...\par
Select Java Runtime Environment (JRE) you want to use. ...\par
Select your project layout. ...\par
Click "Next" to open the "Java Settings" window.\par
Use the Source tab to define your build path\par
Use the Libraries tab to add libraries to the project.\par
Click "Finish" to start working on your new project\par
\par
5.)create .java file/class\par
ans.)By clicking on the File menu and selecting New \u8594? Class.\par
\par
By right clicking in the package explorer and selecting New \u8594? Class.\par
\par
By clicking on the class drop down button (Drop Down Button ) and selecting class ( Class Button).\par
\par
6.)how to create packages and what is best way to give name\par
ans.)As you said classname have the capitalization of first letter of every word, eg. LongClassName\par
Sun always preferred long names that explain clearly the meaning of the class (think about DefaultTableModel). Code1 is definetely not right, maybe FibonacciCalc or something that contains Fibonacci would fit better.\par
Preprend Abstract if it's an abstract class\par
Append Impl if it's an implementation of a particular interface\par
Package names should start with org, com, it, etc (usually it was the backward URL of project repository or the nick of the coder)\par
You should split your packages according to functionality, your example is really simple so there is not a way to do it.\par
\par
7.)what is main method will do in java?\par
ans.)All Java applications begin processing with a main() method;\par
Each statement in the main executes in order until the end of main is reached -- this is when your program terminates;\par
What does static mean? static means that you don't have to instantiate a class to call the method;\par
String[] args is an array of String objects. If you were to run your program on the command line, you could pass in parameters as arguments. These parameters can then be accessed as you would access elements in an array: args[0]...args[n];\par
public means that the method can be called by any object.\par
\par
8.)creating property/data members ?\par
ans.)Start NetBeans.\par
Create a Java Application named DepartmentStore3.\par
To create a new class, in the Project window, right-click the DepartmentStore3 sub-folder under DepartmentStore3 -> New -> Java Class...\par
Set the Class Name to StoreItem and click Finish.\par
Right-click under StoreItem and click Insert Code...\par
\par
9.)what is data type and different data types`\par
ans.)The platform independent feature of Java is achieved through bytecode. The eight primitive data types are: byte, short, int, long, float, double, boolean, and char. The java.lang.String class represents character strings.\par
\par
10.)What is variable?\par
ans.)A Java variable is a piece of memory that can contain a data value. A variable thus has a data type. Data types are covered in more detail in the text on Java data types. Variables are typically used to store information which your Java program needs to do its job.\par
\par
11.)creating method with void ??\par
ans.)For using a method, it should be called. There are two ways in which a method is called i.e., method returns a value or returning nothing (no return value).\par
\par
The process of method calling is simple. When a program invokes a method, the program control gets transferred to the called method. This called method then returns control to the caller in two conditions, when \u8722?\par
\par
the return statement is executed.\par
it reaches the method ending closing brace.\par
The methods returning void is considered as call to a statement.\par
\par
12.)creating variable, we can create variables inside method\par
ans.) Scroll to a place where you want to insert the variable. Remember: If you place a variable in the main class, you can reference it anywhere. Choose the type of variable you need. Create the variable.\par
\par
13.)creating method with return data type, we can return int/string/double/float/date etc\par
ans.)\par
\par
14.)\par
\par
\f0\lang9\par
}
 